# Week 10 Code along
You need to code along starting with video 71 and ending with 78 in section 8 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp

# Video 71
Code along with Andrew, while he builds the edit.html page.  In your readme.md file tell me any terms he used in this video that did not know?  When coding the a href attribute for index.html, Andrew have "/index.html" and this will create an error on our setup, you can fix this by removing the "/", any guess to why this would cause an error on our file/folder setup?  Ask on discord if you want to know more. 

HEADS UP <<<>>
This will be true for all the challenges on this video! Also if you are running live-server from the notes directory, you will need to use the reference Andrew is showing in this first part of the video. 

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 71 My Code Part 1', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 71 My Code Part 2', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 71 My Code Part 3', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 72

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 72 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

Going forward, I recommend setting up the const for the element on the page you are working with, like Andrew shows in this solution!!! I think it makes it so much clearer!

Also, if you want a bit more challenge, redo the the notes-edit.js to dynamically render the input and textarea.  

# Video 73

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 73 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

I find this both interesting and maybe helpful! Any thoughts on syncing across pages?

# Video 74
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 74 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

Unix Epoch!!!  Thoughts?

# Video 75

Here is the URL to get the CDN script tag - https://cdnjs.com/libraries/moment.js the second listed is the one Andrew mentioned in this video.  You can click on the </> icon and it will copy the script tag that you can include in both the notes-app and todo-app index.html files. You can remove on the JS date object code or copy it into another file as Andrew did in the video. 

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 75 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

I think moment.js is a really fun library to work with!  

# Video 76
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 76 My Code Part 1', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

HEADS UP <<<>>>
I watched this video a couple of times and didn't see him include this, but make sure you add the script tag for moment.js into the edit.html file.  

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 76 My Code Part 2', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 77
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 77 My Code ', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 78
Let me know how you would respond to Andrew's question in this video, do this in your submission comment!  5 points