# Week 11 Code along
You need to code along starting with video 79 and ending with 83 in section 9 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp

# Video 79
Watch this video

# Video 80
You are welcome to use the displayOnPage or console.log if you want for this work. Create the new folder (advanced) and the file name arrow-functions.js. 

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 80 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

Ask on discord if you forget how to handle the [object, Object] if you are using the showOnPage function! Here is how I handled it:

```
under30.forEach((people){
    showOnPage(people.name);
})
```

Also would you need this forEach for the challenge on this video?

# Video 81
Create the new file in the advanced folder named arrow-functions-2.js ,then watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 81 All My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

In your readme.md (in the notes-app folder), list all rules when it makes sense to use an arrow function and when it makes sense to use a short-hand arrow function (5 points)

# Video 82
Create the new file in the advanced folder named conditional-operator.js, then watch and code along to the point of understanding the BOTH code challenges and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 82 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.


# Video 83
Create the new file in the advanced folder named truthy-falsly.js, then watch and code along to the point of understanding the BOTH code challenges and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 83 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

Did you understand truthy and falsly values? Let me know in your submission command (5 points)
