# Week 13 Code along
You need to code along starting with video  Video 88 thru 95 in section 10 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp

# Video 88 
Watch this video

# Video 89
Watch and take a few notes on OOP in your readme.md that is located in your notes-app directory.

# Video 90
You are welcome to use the displayOnPage or console.log if you want for this work. Create the new folder (oop) and the file name oop.js and then hangman.js for the challenge.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 90 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 91
Watch and code along with this video!  Did you understand why in this use case how the "this" works?  Comment in the readme.md file.  Once done commit with "Video 91 Code"

# Video 92
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 92 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 93
Watch and code along with this video, in your readme.md file take a few notes on the concepts covered this video. Once done commit with message "Video 93 Code"

# Video 94
Watch and code along with this video, in your readme.md file take a few notes on the concepts covered this video. Once done commit with message "Video 94 Code"

# Video 95
Watch and code along with this video, in your readme.md file take a few notes on the concepts covered this video. Once done commit with message "Video 95 Code"

