# Week 14 Code along
You need to code along starting with video Video 96 thru 102 in section 10 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp

# Video 96
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 96 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

VSCODE does show the e.charCode was deprecated, so I used this instead:
const guess = e.key;

# Video 97
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 97 Part 1 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 97 Part 2 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 98
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 98 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 99
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 99 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

In your submission let me know your thoughts on the class syntax and function! (5 points)

# Video 100
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 100 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 101
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 101 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 102
Watch and update code


