# Week 15 Code along
You need to code along starting with Section 11 Part 1 Video 103 thru 110 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp

# Video 103
Watch this video

# Video 104
Watch and code along, once you have working code commit your code with message 'Video 104 Code'.

There are several new concepts here, so make sure you take time to review MDN.

# Video 105
Watch and code along, once you have working code commit your code with message 'Video 105 Code'.

Again, there are several new concepts here, so make sure you take time to review MDN. 

# Video 106
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 106 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

Here is the site I used for this work: https://restcountries.com/v3.1/all

HEADS UP <<<>>>
To find the country code you need to iterate over the result of the API call look for the cca2 key. 

# Video 107
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 107 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

Using chrome dev tools to see this code work can really help us understand the callback pattern. Do you understand the different between return values and the callback pattern?  Create a new readme.md file in the js-bootcamp folder and give me your answer there. 5 points.

# Video 108
Watch and code along, once you have working code commit your code with message 'Video 108 Code'. 

Did this help you understand the differences between sync vs async?  Let me know in the readme.md. 

# Video 109
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 109 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

That was interesting....right?

# Video 110
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 109 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

For us to write async code we are implementing closures!  Does that make sense?



