# Week 16 Code along
You need to code along starting with Section 11 Part 2 Video 111 thru 119 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp

# Video 111
Watch and code along, once you have working code commit your code with message 'Video 111 Code'.

# Video 112
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 112 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

I do recommend taking your time to understanding how Andrew converted the callback pattern into the promise pattern.  I watched this step twice to make sure I understood it.  Using Chrome devTools can really help a person see what is taking place in this code. 

# Video 113
Watch and code along, once you have working code commit your code with message 'Video 113 Code'. Did you "get" the chaining concept here?  

# Video 114
Watch and code along, once you have working code commit your code with message 'Video 114 Code'.

# Video 115
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 115 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# HEADS UP!!!  TAKE a break!!!  
I know there a bit more content for tonight!  So one of benefits of reading this instruction file is I'm going to give you a reward.  If you are want stop here and finish this tomorrow night that is fine!! For tonight just submit your commits history URL and then finish the other video(s) by tomorrow night and submit your commit history URL again! 

# Video 116
Once you setup a free account on https://ipinfo.io/, this will give you the access token. 

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 116 My Code First Challenge', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 116 My Code Second Challenge', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 117
Watch and code along, once you have working code commit your code with message 'Video 117 Code'. Does async/watch make the code easier to clean and reason about?

# Video 118

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 118 My Code First Challenge', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 118 My Code Second Challenge', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 119
Watch and code along, once you have working code commit your code with message 'Video 119 Code'.

Curious, do you want to contining the Udemy course?  Let me know!