# Week 7 Code along
You need to code along starting with video 47 and ending with 54 in section 7 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp

# Video 47
Watch this video

# Video 48
If you are not currently using the live-server extension or on the command line, then you don't need to this step. It is good to know how to install via npm.  Create the new folder notes-app and index.html.  Good to understand the tags for a basic HTML page. 
Code along and once you are done commit with message "Video 48 Code".

# Video 49
This such good review of what we are already doing!  Create the js file note-app.js, once done commit with message "Video 49 Code"

# Video 50
Code along with this video, really good information here!  Understand the basic of what the DOM is and how to manipulate it is the main functionality to JS.  Once you are done commit with message "Video 50 Code"

# Video 51
For this one the first challenge does not seem like much of a challenge for us, so just get this done, created the needed files and folder. Then watch to understand the challenge and stop and attempt the challenge on your own, cnce you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 51 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 52
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 52 My Code', tthen watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 53
BTW, you can also open a new tab and change the URL to be the notes or todo app.  I also updated my title tag so I can clearly see which page I'm working on. 

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 53 My Code', tthen watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 54
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 53 My Code', tthen watch the solution and update your code as needed.


# How was that?
Let me know in your submission how well you fel you understood these concepts (5 points)