# Week 8 Code along
You need to code along starting with video 55 and ending with 60 in section 7 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp
Because we are working on rendering to the browser, it is fine to use console.log on this one. 

# Video 55
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 55 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 56
Watch and code along with this video.  

In my experience this video is one that student need a bit more time and/or explaining on, so my request is that you don't move on until you have a good grasp of this code.  My suggestion is to ask on discord where you would like to undertand it better and/or come into office hours. 

Once done commit with message "Video 56 Code"

# Video 57
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 57 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

This was a good challenge!!! Would you agreed!

# HEADS UP!!!  TAKE a break!!!  
I know there a bit more content for tonight!  So one of benefits of reading this instruction file is I'm going to give you a reward.  If you are want stop here and finish this tomorrow night, for tonight just submit your commits history URL and then finish the other video(s) by tomorrow night and submit your commit history URL again! 


# Video 58
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 58 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

That was fun!

# Video 59
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 59 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

That one was challenging!!!  Andrews does make it seem easy, but giving this the time to have think about the solution!

# Video 60
Watch and code along and once done commit with "Video 60 Code"

Heads up on the option, VSCODE will automatically fill in the value attribue and it took me a minute to figure out why I wasn't getting the output, so either go ahead and update it as it does or remove and then add it later. Hope that helps!

# Submission

Record you thought about this work in your submission commit. (5 points)

