# Week 9 Code along
You need to code along starting with video 61 and ending with 70 in section 8 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp

# Video from Rio for a bit more context for this week
https://youtu.be/7bqKig7UFBU

# Video 61
Just watch this one!

# Video 62
HEADS UP <<<>>> 
For viewing localstorage on Chrome DevTools you will find it under the Application Tab, it is right after sources. I noticed that localStorage.removeItem('location'), did not work, so I look around and got it working with window.localStorage.removeItem('location'). But it is good to know how to delete the items in Chrome DevTools as well! 

Code along with Andrew and you are done commit your code with message 'Video 62 Code'.

HEADS UP <<<>>> 
Make sure you take a minute here and really look out the output of the 2 JSON methods (stringify and parse). 
Understanding them will make the work we do in the rest of this section and for dev_1 a better experience. 

# Video 63
IMPORTANT!!!  Once you get the "unnamed note" rendering on the page, do you realize that notes existing in both local storage and in the RAM of your system?  Now they are a different data structure!  In your notes-app folder create a new file named readme.md and tell if you understand what I'm telling you here.  If you want to know more then ask on discord or come into office. (5 points)

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 63 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 64

Code along with Andrew and you are done commit your code with message 'Video 64 Code'.

HEADS UP <<<>>> 
Once you get the new function setup in the new file for notes, then use DevTools to talk thru the code to make sure you understand what is happening to the notes data. 

In your readme.md tell me your thoughts on the refactor here!  (5 points)


# Video 65
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 65 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 66
This is good to watch, I think the way you set breakpoints and step thru code in Chrome DevTools is a better experience then using the debugger statement, but check it out!  

# HEADS UP!!!  TAKE a break!!!  
I know there a bit more content for tonight!  So one of benefits of reading this instruction file is I'm going to give you a reward.  If you are want stop here and finish this tomorrow night that is fine!! For tonight just submit your commits history URL and then finish the other video(s) by tomorrow night and submit your commit history URL again! 

# Video 67
Really important to think about how Andrew is updating the DOM here and why just moving code around did not work and looking at the render output on DevTools is so helpful!  This is where having some HTML is good, but there are so many good video and website, ask on discord if you want some suggestions. 

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 67 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 68
HEADS UP <<<>>> 
To download UUID, I recommend you use this URL - https://gist.github.com/andrewjmead/d64087c46129fc58df67c361cb01e889 and copy the content and create a new file named uuidv4.js,  I placed mine into the js-bootcamp folder, and then copy the content from that URL above into that that file. I placed the uuidv4.js into the js-bootcamp folder so I could just have this be my script tag for the notes app todo app, here is what the script tag will look like in the note-app index.html:

    <script src="../uuidv4.js"></script>
    <script src="notes-functions.js"></script>
    <script src="notes-app.js"></script>

../ is to move back to parent directory.  

I've had students in the past try and use the UUID external script reference that Andrew references here is it gave them a bit of a hard time!  

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 68 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.

# Video 69

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 69 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.


# Video 70

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the second code challenge (you don'tand then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 70 My Code', then watch the solution and update your code as needed.